seen that fell who opens the house of
parliament each year black
Rod yeah it sounds ridiculous doesn't it
but um there's a there's a fell who has
to walk down to the houses of Parliament
in the UK when Parliament opens for the
first time each year and he bangs on the
door with a big black
roor finally my just [__] out I did jump
animation
but trying to talk about black rodor
stop I'm playing the video
game so the whole point is I feel like
black Rod right now with this fun Hammer
smacking things oh please stop it
are you are very
white brothers I don't you very wide
very white
yes yes no
no the color of the rod isn't that
important it's the fact that he's he's a
very important man with a big
Rod yes and that's me right
now uh what is the extremist I just kind
of went ahead and you guys went
back
like yeah theor has disappear we got it
it's all
good if I'm going to be honest I don't
even know if he uses a the black rod
that's just what his name was
historically cuz it used to be black
it's just a big cane and he he has to
hit the door of Parliament and then the
person inside knows to open it up and
then the first round of parliament in
the year starts he's called black Rod
but he's a very important figure and I
feel like him walking around with my
thunder Hammer hitting buttons making
things happen unoken
and I feel quite
proud massive enemy wave let's
consolidate if you feel so proud are you
about to come out of
closet spawn miners at the
back lot of needs behind you
grenade the emperor
SE the lights will guide
us I'm going in
the
xen finally that death
CR avenging angel will
well I killed about
60 there still loads on you
guys I
think can re after I don't know it's
just two whip barriers